Liss masterpieces
let me explain now ever since we caught
both of these at TIFF Alina and I have
been arguing about which one is better
because you know without a doubt these
are the two best movies we've personally
seen this year and we're nearing about
like 600 new ones this year the question
just stands which one is better
now I've already declared and a month
later still standby parasite being the
best of the decade meanwhile Alina
swears by portrait even putting it above
mid so mark claiming that it's better
than Paris sighting give it time I'll
get there and she forced me to record
this business you can edit it
whichever you end up referring they're
both great movies I don't know what's
going to break this cinematic trilogy
for us so far this year because it kind
of seems like it's set in stone but as
for portrait I'll start with the endings
because it has three masterful ones the
one we get is a 9 out of 10 only because
the one before it when you see the is a
10 out of 10 and the only reason that
one gets a perfect score is because the
one five minutes prior to that involving
a gasp in the dark is an 11 out of 10
I'm honestly scared to watch this movie
again and fear that it um the Thrones
parasite because its second for me but
it's really close the story revolves
around a badass artist named Mary Ann
who gets commissioned to paint a
portrait for a marriage proposal she
goes off to this island leaves her
students and don't fireplace behind and
meets Eloise the woman who refuses to
get her portrait or get married now both
characters are badass to me like you
don't know much about them and it's done
on purpose as you can see here according
to the director but they're just they're
really freaking cool so much is spoken
through silence and subtle reactions
that when they do speak the dialogue
feels like a volley where they take
turns
spiking each other in the face with
comebacks not say it's a cliche cuz it's
you know it's in the title and everyone
always says it's about beautiful movies
but you could really pause any frame
print it out and display it in an Art
Institute you know how I'm pulp fiction
we don't even see the suitcase cuz you
know I'm gonna take away from it
yet no she shows you the portrait here
and I want to buy the damn thing luckily
this in a 24 so you know if they do
announce they won't be out of stock
before they reveal that it's even a
thing there are scenes that begin with
the visual climax where you know most
other films would use that visual
to cut to the next scene NASA Selene
begins hers with it Selene seems to not
even want to take credit for this but
she also does the costume designs and
you know look at her we know it's you
there's a point in the movie where they
even bust out into this heavenly chorus
outside and I don't even know what
better way to describe this experience
than to let the director herself show
how impressed she was the JED of batters
up in the back for a good reason this
room is amazing this is one of the most
beautiful theater I've ever seen in my
life of them the soundcheck in the
afternoon and I was blown away by my own
film which means it's really really good
the room my men and I love the new lame
is Rob that has nothing to do with the
musical per se but the movie that
submitted to the Oscars by France their
official submission I really want you
guys to watch that one I think it's a
fantastic movie but portrait may be one
of the best French films of all I think
the nocturnal put it best by describing
this short period that explains who two
women are at a time when they are
expected to be seen and not heard
something that even Celine says not to
do this biopic thing by taking one of
the stars you know Wendy so didn't want
to make this portrait of a strong women
just wanted to make a portrait of a
woman at work I can't wait for you all
to see this movie so though we can talk
spoilers I think it comes out in
December but today is Alina Keys waking
up every morning letting me know about
the storytelling technique that louder
so much I've been hearing about it for a
month and probably will continue to hear
about it until the end of the decade a
work of art it's better than whiplash
I'm keeping this video brief obviously
for a reason because I know most of you
haven't seen it just to add it to your
radar but if that phrase right there
means nothing to probably half of you
it's probably because you haven't been
following us since 2014 on the a disease
show where i gushed about that being one
of my favorites of all time and you
don't have to agree with me I hate it
when people think that reviewers or
critics from you know whatever you want
to call them Yelpers have to always
agree with them cuz now that that's a
little weird you ain't looking for
someone who's your soul mate well you
should be looking for its consistency
you know you don't want to follow
someone who is naming every new
installment as the best installment just
for the clicks and then changing it
later what I'm telling you is that if my
word means anything to you
I can guarantee you you can
going over hype for this movie and
you'll still enjoy it how people were
sending me plat points since this
movie's been out overseas for a long
time they were sending me leaked links
so that I can watch and I was like yo
y'all gonna get me in trouble let me
wait til TIFF starts to catch it and
after having seen hundreds per year
thousands of movies ever since you would
know that I rarely if ever compare a
movie to whiplash
personally so until November first
spoiler video I'll just say this this is
the best movie we've ever covered on our
channels since we started discover it
for yourself very soon thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below like I
said this was a brief video they don't
really want to put too much boilers in
it cuz I want you guys to go in and
really enjoy these movies I want to make
sure they're on your radar maybe you
won't love them as much as we do that's
okay but hopefully you're able to check
these out hopefully they play near you I
hate when they don't do that which sucks
but I'm curious to know which movies are
in your radar that you want to mention
to us as you guys know every year I
always say my favorite film festival is
Sundance because it produces my favorite
movies of the year that's been pretty
consistent since 2014 with when whiplash
came out but this year you guys know I
always make a video around August
September talking about my favorite
movie of the year and I always say I was
like I'm calling this one my favorite
movie of the year making a video on it
but if it changes that's fine I want to
put it on your radar but if it changes
to good if there's a better movie than
my favorite movie let's go I was about
to release the loose video kid you not
and then and then we had made it to TIFF
and I saw this one literally deleted an
entire edit that we worked on not that I
don't like loose still really much love
loose but Paris language without best of
the decade in my opinion portrait right
up there please watch on cut gems whole
TIFF video coming very very soon just
waiting on some things to clear for that
but I'm very curious to know your
thoughts if you've been to these
festivals what are some of the movies
that we've missed let us know so that
they're on our radar but you'll see our
entire tip video coming very soon until
then don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or you're just a painter not
an artist